
Happy New Years Sora/Marqualand!

The time is currently 12:24 am, which isn't typically how these notes go, but cheers to new starts! (Currently listening to 808 slowed, I know you like when I mention what I'm listening to;')). Hopefully this year is filled with a lot of change because you got big plans. I haven't entirely thought everything out yet, but I guess this will be my new year's resolutions:

- All the energy I put into people who can't reciprocate it back, should go to you, that, is my future self. (808 slowed slaps holy). That means no more guys who are questionable straight or who questionably like me. We know validations what they want, and I don't have the energy to entertain it anymore. You literally are the baddest bitch in hiding, and It's about time you be expressive
- Speaking of validation, 2023 was very difficult in terms of getting validation or a feeling of belonging in STEM. Math was an interesting experience, but even so, only you know your goals and what you're capable of, and I know that you know that, that bar is infinite. You truly are amazing, believe that.
- I'm bringing back Bluetooth! This is gonna be incredible for me, as this is one thing I want from the past to revisit and maybe stay in my life. I felt there was a lack of interconnect (A.G.I.T slowed :)) that I used to have when it was around. The rules don't have to be the same! It's whatever you make out of it, and it always has been that way, but i guess, for a long time, I couldn't see that. 
- Swarthmore! My experience there has been particularly draining, and I've thought about transferring so many times it's gotten to the point where I've been searching up other schools. Whether you stay or go, I support you. However, while you're there you better not let anything stop you from being the Sora I used to dream about while taking my walks in the Waynseville park! The Sora I'm growing into and you'll grow to love unconditionally!
- Physics! Is your own experience. No. One. Else's. It's what YOU make of it. It's what YOU want to become. It's YOUR passion, so do not, under any circumstances, go into physics, with putting your success behind anyone elses'. It's way more than possible for you to do well in Physics. Your fully capable of being a Physics Wiz. ;)
- Last thing. I love you (SURVIVERATION). And you'll surprise yourself if you don't watch how much you'll shine;) I'll catch you again 12/31/2024 at around 11:55 PM, maybe a couple dozen minutes after if you're like me tonight;)))))



LOVE YOU SORA;)