Hi JJ, 

Today, I"m really slacking. There's a lot of work that I need to do, but I just don't have the battery for it. It's 5:10 PM, and yesterday I took my first exam for E&M, and didn't go so well. I feel as though, at my time at Swarthmore, I haven't been the best at taking exams which is quite different from my high school experience. I feel like back then, I was really good at test taking and I would excel and make high scores. Of course, the exams were a lot easier, but now I'm in a proper learning environment with resources I didn't have before, as well as putting more effort into studying and understanding the content. I feel like it should balance out. I think I just feel really demotivated because I keep preforming bad on tests. I feel not smart. I feel like I'm falling further and further behind. I actually do feel like an imposter and I feel like people are gonna realize that I'm not actually as smart as I seem. Oh well. The work continues to pile and I find myself just scrolling on YouTube and Tic Tok, because I just don't have the drive right now. I talked to Catherine today and I think that helped. I just really want to help myself out now and allow myself the best environment and preparation to take a test. I really want to get diagnosed because, even if I don't take the medicine, it just gives me peace of mind that I'm not crazy and that science and medical professionals have already seen and already have data on what's wrong with me. 

My PDE midterm is next week, and as you can imagine, I'm not particularly excited. Regardless if I know the content or not, I feel like my brain is going to seize up like it's been doing before. But it's not all bad though. I'll be practicing some test taking strategies and getting into the mindset of taking a test over the next few days. 

Lastly, I think it would be nice to receive some affirmation. I know it's not a good idea to "fish for complements", but I just never receive any affirming words, about my appearance, my performance in STEM, or just anything. Sometimes it feels like I'm battling the world all by myself, and I've just got so accustomed to it that I don't like other people entering my personal issues. I want to go to therapy, but I'm just scared to talk about some of the many things that are wrong with me. 

I guess when I'm going through depressive periods of burnout, this stuff is really helpful for me. It's honestly just flowing out. There's a lot of emotions going on in my head now. Hopefully the test taking strategies will help me for next Wednesday. Thank you  JJ and depending on how I feel after eating dinner, I may or may not come back. 