To Tristan:

I first want to say thank you for providing me a space in your research group! I’ve believe that I’ve made some great progress as student and future scientist! Because of you, I’ve met some really awesome people who enjoy cosmology just as much as I, and that’s something I’ll always be grateful for. I’m really looking forward to collaborating in the Fall, and I hope you are as well! 

Your dear research student, Sora

Hi Journal!:)

It’s Sora here, and I have some things to get off my chest. I’ll first start by digging in to what last night was for me. One of my good friends, Jennie, while she was off edibles, said some really uncomfortable things. She cried laughing hysterically in front of Alyssa and I, as she just exclaimed that I had a gap in my teeth. I know it’s there and there are spaces in between my teeth, I just don’t really see what’s funny. It was also so sudden, like I literally don’t know why she brought it up. Honestly, I could equate it to literal bullying, but I do understand that she was inebriated, and wasn’t thinking properly. I also do understand that it doesn’t mean I have to brush off what she said. At this point, I’m just waiting for her to apologize and take accountability for what she said, and for her to hear how it affected me. 

There’s honestly a wave of emotions that my brain’s trying to process all at once since last night. I just hate being perceived so much. I feel like anytime I meet a man or a women, their always finding opportunities to look at my body, and inspect my physicality. It just feels like my looks are under such high inspection by everyone around me, and it’s honestly so exhausting. It’s especially frustrating around my non-male friends, because I’ve stated time and time again that I’m romantically and sexually attracted to only men. It makes me very uncomfortable when I notice a women sexually perceiving me when the situations not sexual or stated clearly that it’s a joke. A bring up women specifically because most of my friends are women, and while It’s very possible that I could be misinterpreting things, I can’t help to feel and think their body language tells what they’re thinking even if they don’t mean to express those thoughts. 

I wish in that sense, I was more invisible sometimes which is really conflicting, considering that I hate feeling invisible. I should mention that men also perceive me, and most of the times if not all of them, I feel uncomfortable. I think this is one of the biggest obstacles to my sexual and romantic life. I can’t distinguish between people being respectfully attracted to my body, and looking at it with human-nature thoughts, and predatory body language and thoughts. I have some ideas why, but I’m still trying to figure it out in my head. 

One of the central reasons I came to you today,  Journal, Is that I’ve gained some insight into why I become mute at times. The first time that happened to me, it was in the summer of 2022, in July. I believe Holley was having a manic episode, and, like my friends do (for a reason I cannot explain and am still figuring out), I was the punching bag. I had spent so much money, I had been so kind, I had been so patient, I extended myself time and time again to have fun with her while I was there because I know she was going through so much. The last day I was there, I had to excuse myself to the Pizza Hut bathroom, and I just had to be alone and collect my thoughts. I notice that bathrooms for me are like an escape. I use them as they give me alone time when I need it. It’s a still place that can trap my thoughts and where I can react true to them while also calming myself down. Anyway, that night after Pizza Hut, I couldn’t say anything. My mouth just physically stayed shut. I wanted to speak at some points, but my mind just kept holding my tongue. It’s completely involuntary, and it’s still shocking that something like that happens to me. This has happened a few more times, though. It’s happened with Noble, and it’s happened with Tristan. I can only express the words that will allow me to get out of the situation without showing how I feel. I will only speak when it’s very necessary and when my body lets me. All these times have something in common though. It’s a constant build up of being disrespected and being someones punching bag where the make me feel insecure and unworthy because of the lack of care of their words when they speak to me. Since I’m a very perceptive person, I usually notice every time they do that and I overthink things. Moreover, when I feel targeted, it always leads to this snowball effect where I begin trying to make connections and links to their past actions, and how other people have treated me similarly. This also happened when I was in the car with mom after going to the hospital in 2020. She said the most hurtful things, and I just couldn’t speak. When people become to overwhelming, my brain struggles to process the events, whether it was a build up of events like Holley’s situation, or whether there was something said specifically confusing and hurtful, like Noble or Jennie’s situation. While I’m mute, I just don’t know what to do, but I don’t want to be around them. I start to dissociate and I cannot speak. I’m just too overwhelmed by my emotions, thoughts, and their presence, and I need to leave. 

I’m still not for sure exactly what causes this strange muteness, but I’ve made some progress working on why it happens. I think the situation with Jennie is just really strange, and I can feel that I still need to process it more. I’m just waiting on her to apologize, or eventually I’ll tell her (which would be very unfortunate if I have to). I just want to treat her kindly and with patience to the extent that I can. I still struggle to talk with her though. I understand that my emotions are a raw attribute of my mind that I cannot help or change, but I can work on how I react to them. I can extend grace to people, places, and things, and try to understand them before I react. To me, and with the help of my therapist (thanks amber), that’s what patience means, and what I strive to practice and instill in myself as a human. Thanks Journal. Until next time,

Sora