Note to Yemi: 

I can’t believe I have to do this again, but I’m honestly so mad right now. I have so many emotions that I need to get out, but this may be what I send to Yemi. I’ll think it over and rest, and we’ll see if I change anything. 


Hey Yemi, I read you’re message, and while I tried to understand where you’re coming from, I’m ultimately really upset. I even gave it a day to think over, as I new if I texted back immediately, it would have been out of anger. The bottom line is, you handled this the worse way you could. From start to finish, you came in the living room and interrupted a conversation that had nothing to do with you. You forced us to be quiet while you spoke with anger in your voice, and proceeded to disregard not only our apology, but also the grievances that corresponded to my, Alyssa, and Jennie’s side of that night. When I told you, I was going through a lot, and you replied “I am too”, it was very hypocritical because over this summer and all of our friendship, Alyssa, I and Jennie have extended our mental capacity to talk to you about whatever was troubling you, even in moments when we didn’t have it. So. Many. Times. I felt very neglected in that moment, but it doesn’t end there. You proceeded to not do the dishes, take out the trash, or clean the apartment, in which not only us, but also Allison and Phillip had to bare. We extended you the grace of washing the dishes, we also extended you the grace of taking out the trash, and cleaning the apartment. Moving day comes, and you haven’t done anything. I knew you were going to wait to the last minute because you knew we’d help you. That just it. You know we’d extend our grace to you even if it’s more than we can bare or we shouldn’t have to and you took advantage of that. You had the nerve, and I mean really bro, to look in my face after moving in the hot unbearable sun for 6 hours and ask me to help you move. You had DAYS to ask, and you chose literally the most disrespectful time. I extended you grace again and moved 75% of your room along with Alyssa. I do, and do, and do, and then I can barely get a text message out of you. You were at the doctor, so I guess I have to wait four days???? I waited over a week to have a conversation with you about something that was completely unrelated to the political conversation, and something that I ultimately wanted to talk you about before it all went done. You knew that, I literally texted it to you. You can’t even allow me that, after making me wait so long. You send a half-assed apology to me, and hope I understand. You didn’t even have the courtesy to send anything to Alyssa, when she has done nothing but go out of her way and be there for you for over two years. You can’t even offer her that. The last week of our friendship, you were seriously acted like ab good-for-nothing, and I hope that you treat those you befriend in the future so much better. Bye Opeyemi. 