
Hello Journal:)

I want to talk a little bit about the things I’ve noticed while on Adderall. On the first day, my mind felt really calm, and I could focus exactly on what I wanted to. I was like a well-oiled machine in a way, because the things I needed to do, I did them without interrupting myself. I was collected and calm. I was also off an edible so that may have been why I was calm. Once the medicine started to ware off in the afternoon, my heart rate began to accelerate. I started to take the medicine on Fri Aug 2. The next day I moved, and while I was also very productive, it felt like my heart was beating out of my chest at times. I don’t know if this is a result of the heat and moving, or a combination of that and the medicine. 

Over the past few days, so today, Monday, and Sunday, I haven’t had really many issues with an accelerating heart rate. I think, while talking Adderall, I have been extremely productive. Like, all the small tasks that need to get done, I can do them, and I do them well. Cleaning, washing dishes, doing my hair, etc. are easier tasks to start. I think being able to start things is a lot easier in general. I feel like this a product of Adderall, but it could also be attributed to being less depressed. There’s no concrete boundaries anyway. I think something I notice I still have problems is completing a task without getting off track. While I was being productive and getting things done, I couldn’t focus on one particular task and do *only it* from start to finish. My brains always like “oh do this little thing right now or you’ll forget” every five seconds. It’s not like I wanna do all my tasks one-by-one always because some of them can be done concurrently. I like to be efficient. It’s just that I want to be able to manage how I multitask in a sense. I feel like my attention is always being taken up by so many things while I’m trying to do one, and I just want to filter out which ones I do, or the impulses to do another task on the side. 

Today, I went to work on ODE stuff, and I think some of the same problems I had before are still there. It didn’t feel like a whole lot changed and I’ll get into that in just a second. I first should mention that, I feel like I can be more patient with myself. It’s like I have a bit more control. I’m thinking of a few examples. One was with my hair, and some parts towards the end were kinda frustrating and tedious, and I think without my medicine, my body would respond with a “just hurry and get it done with” kinda way. I feel like I’m able to control those actions more now. It also happens when I eat too. I’ll have a plate in front of me, and maybe there’ll be too much food for me, and I’ll still finish it. Sometimes I think it’s about the motion of putting food in my mouth and the sensation of chewing and swallowing that isn’t fulfilled. That means I have to eat more and faster to fulfill that which is why eating can sometimes be a task for me. Anyway, it feels like it’s something I can control a bit more. I got really off topic but, when I was doing ODE work, I noticed that I still have trouble applying my focus when I’m reading. I’m still so easily distracted, and I feel like I needed multiple attempts to ingest some sentences that we’re fairly easy to understand. I was still doing other small tasks too like checking my instagram, writing little things on my cute notes app, and overall just being distracted because I can’t control the urge to get off track of doing and completing what I originally intended. I think this a result of my ADHD where a more linear focus just takes too much energy to do, so my brain forces me to take a break a do something else. 

This is something huge I really need help with and I don’t know if Adderall can fully alleviate that. 

I also, now, want to dish out some of my thoughts about the last couple hours. Today I was mute again. I think I'm making some progress on it though. It seems like it boils down to social battery. I’m still figuring it out but I think cooking with both Jennie and Alyssa was too costly in terms of social battery for me to look forward to doing so in the first place, especially, because it was first just Alyssa and I. I was also getting ready to journal, which is something I really wanted to do, and just as I started, Alyssa walked in. Of course, journaling is something I do when I’m alone. It was like I was preparing myself to do something very personal, but instead I was being forced to interact with other people. I think that killed my social battery and I just maxed out on being able to talk. I have some more thoughts about this, but I’m getting head exhausted, so I’ll come back later.