Hey JJ, 

JJ is now the name of my journal! I kinda felt like journaling today, and I'm not exactly for sure why. I think it's to help with my studying a bit more and so I can listen to Bluetooth while doing it! I'm really enjoying the heart and snow background! I think it's really cute and feminine. I think going forward this semester, I really want to focus on building a healthy relationship with the academic things that I'm passionate about. This means my math class PDE and physics. My goal here is to prevent things like burnout, not compare myself to other people, and internalize my academic journey as my own. I think the last point is particularly important as somehow, although I don't quite understand it, I feel more closer and comfortable with it this way. I guess in a way, it's kinda similar to Bluetooth and me not wanting to ever share it with other people. 

Today I'll be working on E&M! Well, I'll just be reading the rest of chapter 6. I think a lot of the concepts have been really fascinating with my personal favorite being the addition of special relativity when introducing magnetism. I really enjoy the readings, but very often I feel as though I'm not catching onto things quite as fast as everyone else. It could be that it's all in my head and my capacity to understand is fine. This could be true for more than just E&M, but I think I should figure out how to manage my academic journey in a way that's **seriously suited to me**.  I think cozy journaling will be a good start!

Well today I'll be working on Partial Differential Equations as well! I'm pretty excited about this! I think the course is going in an interesting direction, but I just wish there was more support for the class to be honest. There's a lot of resources online so maybe those will be helpful. 

I really hope that I'll eventually lose a lot of the imposter syndrome that I currently have. I know that I'm a talented student when it comes to STEM, and too often do I compare myself to the past, as If that me and the current my are different people. We are not. I'm just living his future, and he is my past. Well I think times almost up. So I guess that means it's time to slay. Remember, PDE's is difficult because it's super interesting and can be interpreted in many ways, not because you're not good enough to learn it. You're in total control. 

Peace out!


Wait I'm back and I just finished reading chapter 6! It was about 15 pages that I had to read, but now I'm finally done! My brain is a little tired out, so I think I'm gonna take a break, and when I come back, we can start PDE's! I probably should eventually do some more practice problems I think, on some of the concepts that weren’t assigned. 

Okay, moving on to PDEs!