### 12/28/2023

I'm currently thinking of ways to make the experience of being in college easier. The past three semesters have been very difficult in terms of outside circumstances, but also just feeling like I belong, keeping in mind my personality and my identity as a black queer male in STEM. Today, I'll be delving into my (Hopefully, as I have to get let in) Partial Differential Equations course. Well, not exactly. One of the prerequisites for this course is Ordinary Differential Equations and Real Analysis, two classes I still need to take. When I first saw partial differential equations, I didn't know the difference between them and regular ones. I knew that ordinary differential equations sound much less challenging than partial differential equations, and I never fell short of making a schedule harder for myself. This class is going to be difficult. It's probably going to kick my ass, to be honest. I think I can still say that statement while taking all the exams and doing well in the class (participation) and the homework. That is to say, It's definitely going to be challenging, but I believe ***I can excel***! I remember watching a Tik-Tok of a black physicist, and a very important skill he gained over his many years in the field was the ability to excel based on self-validation. 

*Why is this so important?*

This semester was a definitive wake-up call, and the math department has no faith in me. I think what they see when they look at my grades, my test scores, during office hours, etc., is a struggling black student. They see the inherent nature of the struggle that comes with every black student, and while this phenomenon is true, mainly for African Americans, the reasons why it occurs look different in my eyes than the professors. I genuinely know how my extended circumstances are affecting me and how racism affects black people in STEM. They think African Americans are less intelligent, and my struggle demonstrates that. I've been chasing a performance that defeats their mindset, but it hasn't worked out. Here's the thing:


I need to focus more on creating my separate goals, completing them, and gaining satisfaction. If I can't complete them, I'll still learn something profound. I don't need approval or words of validation from any professor or faculty in the math department, as in the end, they'll always have a lot to say when I fail but fall short of letting me know when I do well. It is what it is. I do have a lot more to handle and worry about than almost all students on campus, which plays a massive role in my performance; nothing alleviates this, but that doesn't mean I can't succeed. I'll try new things; I'll start this semester with a plan I think is best and set it in motion. I have a really good feeling this semester, and I think a lot of it will come out of focusing on my personal growth and listening to my mind and body. In the end, I got this far by myself, and no one helped me through my many schedules. Resultingly, I should prioritize making myself proud rather than anyone else, and not comparing myself to others, whether I do well or not. 

See you next time king;)